Document undocumented flags and options (#8911)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/tactics.rst

      This tactic behaves like :tacn:`simple refine` except it performs type checking
      without resolution of typeclasses.

   .. flag:: Debug Unification

>    Enables printing traces of unification steps used during

Reviewer: Indentation problem.

Author: I indented it because it appears to apply only to `refine', which is the tactic before this line (about 2 pages).  There are 5 existing flags that have similar indentation, all in this file.  You want to change all of them to be at the left margin?

Reviewer: I am not talking about the indentation of `.. flag:: Debug Unification` but the indentation of its documentation:
```suggestion
      Enables printing traces of unification steps used during
```

      when the instantiation of a variable cannot be found
      (cf. :tacn:`eapply` and :tacn:`apply`).

.. flag:: Debug Tactic Unification

   Enables printing traces of unification steps in tactic unification.

>    Tactic unification is used in tactics such as :tacn:`apply` and :tacn:`rewrite`.

Reviewer: (also known as "the old unification engine")

Author: > (also known as "the old unification engine")

You're referring to "tactic unification"?  Not sure what change you're suggesting or it's just a side comment.

Reviewer: Yes, but this is just a side comment :wink:

   equalities between expressions that appeared in the hypothesis that is
   being processed. By default, no equalities are generated if they

>    relate two proofs (i.e. equalities between :n:`@terms` whose type is in sort

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   relate two proofs (i.e. equalities between :token:`term`\s whose type is in sort
```

      unresolved bindings into existential variables, if any, instead of
      failing. It has the same variants as :tacn:`rewrite` has.

   .. flag:: Keyed Unification

>    Makes higher-order unification used by :tacn:`rewrite` rely on a set of keys to drive

Reviewer: Indentation problem.

Author: Same idea as the previous comment.

  significant changes in your theories to obtain the same result. As a
  drawback of the re-engineering of the code, this tactic has also been
  completely revised to get a very compact and readable version.

Delaying solving unification constraints
----------------------------------------

.. tacn:: solve_constraints

>    :name: solve_constraints

Reviewer: Add description or `:undocumented:` option.
